# Chemical Engineering Process Simulation

Aparapi is a framework for executing native Java and Scala code on the GPU. Apache Dubbo is a powerful and user-friendly Web and RPC framework. Antares Simulator is an open-source power system simulator. NVIDIA ALCHEMI Toolkit-Ops is a collection of GPU-optimized, batched primitives for accelerating atomistic simulations. ASCEND is a mathematical modelling chemical process modelling system. Simantics System Dynamics is a system dynamics modelling and simulation software. OpenMCx is an extendable, tool-neutral co-simulation framework. JaamSim is a Java based discrete-event simulation environment. JModelica is a software platform based on the Modelica modeling language. Assimulo is a simulation package for solving ordinary differential equations. Coselica Toolbox provides Xcos Modelica building blocks for modeling and simulation of electrical, mechanical and thermodynamic systems. Maestro 2 is the next version of the Maestro Co-simulation Orchestration Engine. DWSIM is a Steady-State and Dynamic Sequential Modular Chemical Process Simulator. The Metroscope Modeling Library contains modelica modules for industrial components such as pumps, turbines, heat exchangers, to build steady-state digital twins of industrial process. Modelica Library of Chemical and Electrochemical Processes. The OMChemSim or OpenModelica Chemical Simulator is library of chemical system component models. BioChem is a package for biochemical modeling and simulation with Modelica. Open source biodiesel properties simulator. BioSTEAM is a fast and flexible package for the design, simulation, techno-economic analysis, and life cycle assessment of biorefineries. A Modelica library for the realistic modelling of industrial control system. FMUGym is an interface for reinforcement learning-based control. SAMPO is an open-source framework for adaptive manufacturing processes scheduling. GAMA is an open modeling and simulation environment